---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tidbcloud_serverless_import Resource - terraform-provider-tidbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  serverless import resource. Import data from Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure Blob Storage, Alibaba Cloud OSS or S3-compatible storage into a TiDB Cloud Serverless cluster.
---

# tidbcloud_serverless_import (Resource)

serverless import resource. Import data from Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure Blob Storage, Alibaba Cloud OSS or S3-compatible storage into a TiDB Cloud Serverless cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "cluster_id" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

# import CSV files from S3 with role arn
resource "tidbcloud_serverless_import" "example_s3" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
  import_options = {
    file_type = "CSV"
  }
  source = {
    type = "S3"
    s3 = {
      uri       = "s3://your-bucket/your-path/"
      auth_type = "ROLE_ARN"
      role_arn  = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/your-role"
    }
  }
}

# import Parquet files from GCS with service account key
resource "tidbcloud_serverless_import" "example_gcs" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
  import_options = {
    file_type = "PARQUET"
  }
  source = {
    type = "GCS"
    gcs = {
      uri                 = "gs://your-bucket/your-path/"
      auth_type           = "SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY"
      service_account_key = "your-service-account-key"
    }
  }
}

# import CSV files with custom format from Azure Blob with sas token
resource "tidbcloud_serverless_import" "example_azure_blob" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
  import_options = {
    file_type = "CSV"
    csv_format = {
      separator = ","
      delimiter = "\""
      header    = true
    }
  }
  source = {
    type = "AZURE_BLOB"
    azure_blob = {
      uri       = "azure://youraccount.blob.core.windows.net/your-container/your-path/"
      auth_type = "SAS_TOKEN"
      sas_token = "your-sas-token"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster to import into.
- `import_options` (Attributes) The options of the import. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--import_options))
- `source` (Attributes) The source of the import. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))

### Read-Only

- `complete_percent` (Number) The process in percent of the import job, but doesn't include the post-processing progress.
- `complete_time` (String) The time the import was completed.
- `create_time` (String) The time the import was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the import.
- `import_id` (String) The ID of the import.
- `message` (String) The output message of the import.
- `state` (String) The state of the import.
- `total_size` (String) The total size of the data imported.

<a id="nestedatt--import_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `import_options`

Required:

- `file_type` (String) The file type of the import. Available values are CSV, SQL, AURORA_SNAPSHOT and PARQUET.

Optional:

- `csv_format` (Attributes) The CSV format of the import. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--import_options--csv_format))

<a id="nestedatt--import_options--csv_format"></a>
### Nested Schema for `import_options.csv_format`

Optional:

- `backslash_escape` (Boolean) Whether to escape backslashes in CSV files. Default is true.
- `delimiter` (String) Delimiter of string type variables in CSV files. Default is '"'.
- `header` (Boolean) Import CSV files of the tables with header. Default is true.
- `not_null` (Boolean) Whether the columns in CSV files can be null. Default is false.
- `null_value` (String) Representation of null values in CSV files. Default is "\N".
- `separator` (String) Separator of each value in CSV files. Default is ','.
- `trim_last_separator` (Boolean) Whether to trim the last separator in CSV files. Default is false.



<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `type` (String) The import source type. Available values are S3, GCS, AZURE_BLOB, S3_COMPATIBLE and OSS.

Optional:

- `azure_blob` (Attributes) The Azure Blob source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--azure_blob))
- `gcs` (Attributes) The GCS source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--gcs))
- `oss` (Attributes) The Alibaba Cloud OSS source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--oss))
- `s3` (Attributes) The S3 source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--s3))
- `s3_compatible` (Attributes) The S3 compatible source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--s3_compatible))

<a id="nestedatt--source--azure_blob"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.azure_blob`

Required:

- `auth_type` (String) The auth method of the import source. Available value is SAS_TOKEN.
- `uri` (String) The Azure Blob URI of the import source. For example: azure://<account>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>/<path> or https://<account>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>/<path>.

Optional:

- `sas_token` (String, Sensitive) The sas token of the Azure Blob. This field is input-only.


<a id="nestedatt--source--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.gcs`

Required:

- `auth_type` (String) The auth method of the import source. Available value is SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY.
- `uri` (String) The GCS URI of the import source.

Optional:

- `service_account_key` (String, Sensitive) The service account key of the GCS. This field is input-only.


<a id="nestedatt--source--oss"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.oss`

Required:

- `auth_type` (String) The auth method of the import source. Available value is ACCESS_KEY.
- `uri` (String) The OSS URI of the import source.

Optional:

- `access_key` (Attributes) The access key of the OSS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--oss--access_key))

<a id="nestedatt--source--oss--access_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.oss.access_key`

Required:

- `id` (String) The access key ID of the OSS.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret access key of the OSS. This field is input-only.



<a id="nestedatt--source--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.s3`

Required:

- `auth_type` (String) The auth method of the import source. Available values are ROLE_ARN and ACCESS_KEY.
- `uri` (String) The S3 URI of the import source.

Optional:

- `access_key` (Attributes) The access key of the S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--s3--access_key))
- `role_arn` (String) The role arn of the S3.

<a id="nestedatt--source--s3--access_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.s3.access_key`

Required:

- `id` (String) The access key ID of the S3.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret access key of the S3. This field is input-only.



<a id="nestedatt--source--s3_compatible"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.s3_compatible`

Required:

- `auth_type` (String) The auth method of the import source. Available value is ACCESS_KEY.
- `uri` (String) The S3 compatible URI of the import source.

Optional:

- `access_key` (Attributes) The access key of the S3 compatible storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--s3_compatible--access_key))
- `endpoint` (String) The custom S3 endpoint (HTTPS only). Used for connecting to non-AWS S3-compatible storage.

<a id="nestedatt--source--s3_compatible--access_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.s3_compatible.access_key`

Required:

- `id` (String) The access key ID of the S3 compatible storage.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret access key of the S3 compatible storage. This field is input-only.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# serverless import can be imported using the cluster_id and import_id
terraform import tidbcloud_serverless_import.example "cluster_id,import_id"
```
